a hospital Ward and its equipment
abandoned doctors and patients forced
out because of an Israeli order to leave
ahead of a planned
attack forom alok's mother a cancer
patient it means her options have run
out we came to NASA hospital and
unfortunately there are no beds for
cancer patients look how cancer patients
are dying
we walked here there are no ambulances
and no means of transportation due to
the severe
crowding the latest forced displacement
of Palestinians in southern Gaza is the
result of an Israeli military evacuation
order doctors and patients have had to
leave the European Hospital in KH Yunis
Palestinians were told to move west for
their safety for many it's meant a long
and dangerous journey by foot to NASA
Hospital in the hope of seeking medical
care but space has run
out and for displaced Palestinians lucky
enough to get a hospital bed the care
that staff were able to offer is minimal
the situation is disastrous and
exhausting for the doctors and the
injured themselves due to the lack of
medical staff and
Equipment many of these families have
been forced to move more than once they
say nowhere in Gaza is safe not even
areas the Israeli milit milary declares
humanitarian
zones at the moment we don't know where
to go we are just heading west towards
alasi in
kanun for now those who can crowd onto
Vehicles as they leave their homes or
temporary shelters yet again traveling
into the unknown with no idea of what
they'll eat or where they'll sleep but
in the midst of all the uncertainty
Palestinians are determined to survive
Jacob Brown Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alj